Improve Stripe api calls (#6)
Navideck/purchases_dart: packages/purchases_dart_stripe/README.md

To use this with the [purchases_dart](https://pub.dev/packages/purchases_dart) package, start by creating a StripeStoreProduct interface:

```dart

> /// Use Stripe SecretApiKey, Not recommended in production, instead use your own [ApiClient] for proxy
> /// or use [StripeBackendInterface] for your own implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// Use Stripe's Secret API Key for testing only. In production, replace with a secure [ApiClient] to handle requests indirectly, or implement [StripeBackendInterface] for custom integration.
```
